LiiiGHTWAVE by LiiiGHTWAVE Pty.
Author: Lwandle Babekizulu Dlamini

Description: LiiiGHTWAVE is a visual format consisting of a 3D model and an associated audio. Each LiiiGHTWAVE model (which we can refer to as a liiightwave from here on), can be viewed in a seperated form in the parts tab. This seperated form essentially represents the different components of the object which the 3D model is illustrating, as well as seperate parts of the audio (i.e the ability to play the drums of a song seperately from its melody).
The Empath tab utilizes our Empath library to generate important questions which, we believe, one should ask themselves or their loved ones frequently.

Libraries

Questions.js
Author: Lwandle Babekizulu Dlamini - An Array of Objects which each contain a question property whhose value is a question which Empath.js can choose from. As of the writing of this documentation, there are 50 questions in total (not including the default introduction text). We plan to add more questions incrementally.
Attribution: Questions inspired by Lifehack.org article '30 Thought Provoking Questions You Should Ask Yourself Every Day' [link: https://www.lifehack.org/articles/communication/30-thought-provoking-questions-you-should-ask-yourself-every-day.html] as well as Lolly Daskal article '6 Powerful Questions to Ask Yourself Daily' [link: https://www.lollydaskal.com/leadership/6-powerful-questions-ask-daily/]. The questions were slightly modified and changed before use and for the most part were not directly copied, and some questions were originally thought of.
Additional Attribution: The idea regarding these questions was inspired by a conversation I had with my sister, Phumelele U. Dlamini about the positive impact that free therapy for all would have on society.

qNum.js - Generates a random number between 1 and the total number of questions available in the Question.js Array of Objects, which as of the writing of this documentation is 50.

Empath.js
Author: Lwandle Babekizulu Dlamini

- The constructor function of the Empath Class takes in a value denoted as qNum, which represents the number which was randomly generated by the qNum function.
- The Empathize method:
  1. Assigns the imported Questions.js Array as a variable
  2. Initializes an empty Array which will be used to store the Questions from the Questions.js Array
  3. Stores the qNum value which has been given to the constructor as a Variable called qNum.
  4. Loops over the Questions Array and pushes each Question property value from the Question Array of Objects, into a seperate Array which will now only contain the questions as string for each element.
  5. Returns a random question from the newly defined questions Array (qArr) based on the random Question Number (qNum) provided to the constructor.
